Steps to Create the TeleBot Group that will receive the Messages
1. Open Telegram App on your phone
2. Search for BotFather (exact name as provided by Telegram.org website Help)
3. Open BotFather  bot
4. Type   /newbot . You will get a mesage back from  the bot
5. Type a name for your bot,  eg    hilton_bot. 
6. It will get created by the BotFather bot and it will give you a token. Use this toke in the hilton-watcher.json file and replace where I mentioned "YOUR-TELEGRAM-TOKEN"
7. Create a group eg: Hilton_Prices in Telegram app on your phone and add yourself and the Bot name, say hilton_bot, that you created in STEP-5
8. in this new group , Hilton_Prices, just send a test message  hello . this is only to initiate the bot
9. Not hit https://api.telegram.org/botYOUR-TELEGRAM-TOKEN/getUpdates . Make sure you have replaced the YOUR-TELEGRAM-TOKEN with the token that you got in STEP-6
10. You will notice an id like "id":-SOME-NUMBER with the group name that you gave in STEP-7
11. Replace Get-Bot-ID with this Chat ID in hilton-watcher.json file

12. You can set other parameters in the hilton-watcher.json . The parameters are self expainatory. If case of any difficulty, please ping me back in Upwork. I explain the parameters. all the parameter and values are in double-quotes
Date format is within double-quotes like  "YYYY-MM-DD"
Price to Watch is within double-quotes like  "1,994,000"   or "799,000"
I have created "check_future" paramter, which will only check future calendar months only if True,  else it will only check for the current calendar that appears based on the parameters in the URL

Once you have Python installed on your machine or the Server that you want to use. ensure you have setup the environment wit hfollowing installations

$ pip install selenium
$ pip install telegram

Use the Chrome Browser as it is at least faster than any other browser. Download the Chrome-Driver from https://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads
Before that just check the version of chrome that you are going to use. for eg if you have Chrome version 86.x.xx. , then download the ChromeDriver which says ChromeDriver 87.0.4280.88 on the Download page.


Now you ar eready to run the Python script Script 

$ python  hotels-com-watcher.py